$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2016Q4,v 1.1.2.17 2017/02/27 11:22:50 spz Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-$BRANCH branch:

Pullup ticket #5176 - requested by gdt
lang/llvm: build fix

Pullup ticket #5177 - requested by dholland
editors/emacs: build fix

Pullup ticket #5178 - requested by taca
security/openssh: security fix

Pullup ticket #5179 - requested by taca
databases/phpmyadmin: security fix

Pullup ticket #5180 - requested by taca
www/contao35: security fix

Pullup ticket #5181 - requested by taca
www/contao43: security fix

Pullup ticket #5182 - requested by maya
chat/irssi: security fix
chat/irssi-icb: security fix
chat/irssi-xmpp: security fix

Pullup ticket #5183 - requested by joerg
devel/cmake: build fix

Pullup ticket #5186 - requested by taca
devel/ruby-rb-fsevent: build fix (for www/ruby-jekyll)

Pullup ticket #5187 - requested by taca
sysutils/ruby-listen: build fix (for www/ruby-jekyll)

Pullup ticket #5188 - requested by taca
www/ruby-jekyll-watch: build fix (for www/ruby-jekyll)

Pullup ticket #5189 - requested by taca
net/bind910: security fix

Pullup ticket #5190 - requested by taca
net/bind99: security fix

Pullup ticket #5191 - requested by taca
devel/libgit2: security fix

Pullup ticket #5193 - requested by wiz
security/libtasn1: bugfix, build fix

Pullup ticket #5185 - requested by wiz
security/gnutls: security fix

Pullup ticket #5185 (second part) - requested by wiz
security/gnutls: build fix

Pullup ticket #5192 - requested by schmonz
www/ikiwiki: security fix

Pullup ticket #5194 - requested by joerg
security/botan-devel: build fix

Pullup ticket #5195 - requested by taca
www/typo3_62: security fix

Pullup ticket #5196 - requested by taca
lang/php71: security fix

Pullup ticket #5197 - requested by taca
lang/php70: security fix

Pullup ticket #5198 - requested by taca
lang/php56: security fix

Pullup ticket #5184 - requested by bsiegert
sysutils/py-borgbackup: security update

Pullup ticket #5200 - requested by wiz
net/tor: security fix

Pullup ticket #5204 - requested by sevan
www/apache2: security fix

Pullup ticket #5207 - requested by wiz
archivers/unzip: security fix

Pullup ticket #5209 - requested by wiz
www/viewvc: security fix

Pullup ticket #5205 - requested by bsiegert
net/tcpdump: security update

Pullup ticket #5206 - requested by bsiegert
sysutils/webmin: security update
sysutils/wbm-*: security update

Pullup ticket #5203 - requested by maya
lang/php70: build fix
lang/php71: build fix

Pullup ticket #5210 - requested by taca
net/bind910: security update

Pullup ticket #5211 - requested by taca
net/bind99: security update

Pullup ticket #5199 - requested by leot
print/cups-filters: build fix

Pullup ticket #5201 - requested by wiz
net/tigervnc: security update

Pullup ticket #5212 - requested by he
comms/conserver8: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5214 - requested by maya
devel/memcached: security fix

Pullup ticket #5216 - requested by leot
print/mupdf: security fix

Pullup ticket #5217 - requested by sevan
editors/ed: security fix

Pullup ticket #5213 - requested by he
www/lighttpd: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5206 take 2 - requested by bsiegert
sysutils/wbm-passwd: remove broken package
